# genAInotebooks


*model folder* contains the hugging face models saved locally
-- all-mpnet-base-v2 model Readme file which shares the details of this open source model from hugging face

*prompts folder* contains all the prompt templates used in the corresponding notebooks / applications

*output_files folder*  contains all the outputs generated during corresponding notebooks execution

*notebooks folder* contains all the jupyter notebook files
- chunking.ipynb -> PyPDF library is used to extract texts from pdf files and create chunks
- embedding.ipynb -> opens source *sentence transformer* models are used from hugging face to create text embeddings from the chunked files. Storing the HF models locally is also demonstrated in this notebook
- vectordb_retrieval.ipynb -> *Milvus* is an open source vector DB tool which also provides Indexing for searching th vector embeddings. Milvus enables to create local vector db on your hard disk and use index search locally.
- rag.ipynb -> simple RAG based work flow of retreival text data from the vector db and passing on to a LLM with the user query is demonstrated. *Gemini-1.0-pro* is used as an LLM here over API call in python
- gemini_test.ipynb -> Notebook to shwcase use of Gemini model as a LLM overAPI call
- code_gen.ipynb -> Notebook to generate code snippets on a provided topic in 3 different languages. Usage of jinja prompt templates have been used here.
- code_developer.py -> a FLASK API application that takes two inputs a. TOPIC <for generating a code> & b. LANGUAGE <in which language it should write the code>. The payload has to be sent with POST API call. After generating the cide snippet it will save the generated code snippet in dir - output_files with a proper name. This name is also generated by calling the LLM to summarize from the topic provided. This application also uses prompt templates in jinja format. This application uses LLM as a service to communicate with LLM.
- LLMservice.py -> method that uses LLM as a service to generate code and called by other notebooks
